Put down these insulting things about the president's wife.
Director Wang, don't be afraid.
This tattoo is probably fake.
Actual Vice President
How is it possible to travel without an entourage?
Just got here now.
Reasonable.
They were definitely the group of actors this scammer invited.
He's so nice.
Don't just book a private room at Long Xuyen hotel
Also invited so many high quality actors.
My wife doesn't have enough money.
I have to be better to him later.
Insults in advance payment
Pretending to be the capital of the four Long Xuyen clans
You guys are dead.
Where is Tieu Van?
Don't do it for me yet.
Give me.
Star? What don't you want to do?
What do you mean?
No, I can't let him take extra classes for me.
I have to ask my people to handle this.
What are you doing?
Call you a great voice, right?
Well, Long Xuyen Hotel has that kind of violence.
Where does he live?
What's the noise?
Who let you do this nonsense?
Metzu, I'm here.
It's these two scammers.
A person pretending to be the richest girl
A person pretends to be the head of the Fuji family.
This is absolutely not to your eyes.